website: Update resources.html.md (#26450)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/configuration/resources.html.md

configuration is applied (such as a unique ID generated by the remote API when
an object is created).

> The `for_each` value must be an explicit map or set with one element per desired
> resource instance. To prevent unwanted surprises during conversion, the `for_each` 
> argument does not support implicit type conversion.
> If you need to declare resource instances based on a nested

Reviewer: Hmm, this is a very good point to call out 👍🏼, but there's a few issues to iron out first: 

- We don't really define what an "explicit map" or "explicit set" is anywhere else in the docs, so introducing that term here is somewhat confusing. 
- Turns out, it's only sets that have the issue, not maps. The familiar "map" literal syntax in Terraform is actually an _object_ literal, but we don't need to use the `tomap` function on it because `for_each` doesn't mind converting those.

Taking just a quick stab at this, how about something like: 

```suggestion
The `for_each` value must be a map or set with one element per desired
resource instance. When providing a set, you must use an expression that 
explicitly returns a set value, like the [`toset`](/docs/configuration/functions/toset.html)
function; to prevent unwanted surprises during conversion, the `for_each` 
argument does not implicitly convert lists or tuples to sets.
If you need to declare resource instances based on a nested
```

Or if you've got another idea about how to word that.

Author: * Agreed on avoiding 'explicit map/set'. 
* It does convert objects? Remarkable.
I like the suggestion! I'll commit it.
